Clean up hackMD documentation structure, add a section on debugging with multiple clients (#26826)
goonstation/goonstation: .github/documentation/BUILD_DOT_DM.md

# Using __build.dm

> `__build.dm` contains many helpful defines that are commented out and non functional. By removing the `//` and uncommenting the lines that you want, you can enable certain settings that are very helpful for debugging. You can enable multiple of them at once, although some of them might clash. there is usually a comment next to the define explaining what it does, so just reading through the file can tell you a lot. `__build.dm` isn't used in the actual goonstation servers, but changes to it still shouldn't be committed and should be kept unstaged in your workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `__build.dm` file contains a lot of helpful `#define` lines for testing your changes locally. By removing the double-slash `//` at the start of the line, you un-comment the define and the next build will include the change. You can enable multiple of them at once, although some of them might clash. There is usually a comment next to the define that explains its effect, so just reading through the file can tell you a lot. The `__build.dm` file isn't used in the actual goonstation servers, but changes to it should not be committed to your branch. Below are some notes and suggetsions on specific defines to make local builds run fast and help de-bugging code issues.
```

> Under "options to go fast", you have two options that let you speed up the loading of the game by disabling certain features. `IM_REALLY_IN_A_FUCKING_HURRY_HERE` is the go to. It skips the atmospherics system setup, skips loading in and generating the mining level, skips the pregame lobby (readying you up instantly and loading you into the game as soon as is possible) and doesn't show any of the normal pop up windows that you normally see when starting the game (rules, changelog, etc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under the "OPTIONS TO GO FAST" header, you have two options that drastically speed up  loading of the game by disabling certain features. `IM_REALLY_IN_A_FUCKING_HURRY_HERE` is the go to. It skips the atmospherics system setup, skips loading in and generating the mining level, skips the pregame lobby (readying you up instantly and loading you into the game as soon as is possible) and doesn't show any of the normal pop up windows that you normally see when starting the game (rules, changelog, etc).
```
